\input texinfo
@documentencoding UTF-8
@dircategory Emacs lisp libraries
@direntry
* org-readme: (org-readme).     org-readme
@end direntry


@ifnottex
@paragraphindent 0
@end ifnottex
@node Top
@top Top

@menu
* Org Readme::
@end menu

@node Org Readme
@chapter Org Readme
Matthew L. Fidler ## Library Information @emph{org-readme.el} --- Integrates Readme.org and Commentary/Change-logs.

@itemize
@item
@strong{Filename} -- org-readme.el
@item
@strong{Description} -- Integrate Readme.org and Commentary/Change Logs.
@item
@strong{Author} -- Matthew L. Fidler
@item
@strong{Maintainer} -- Matthew L. Fidler
@item
@strong{Created} -- Fri Aug 3 22:33:41 2012 (-0500)
@item
@strong{Version} -- 0.34
@item
@strong{Package-Requires} -- ((http-post-simple "1.0") (yaoddmuse "0.1.1")(header2 "21.0") (lib-requires "21.0"))
@item
@strong{Last-Updated} -- Wed Aug 22 13:11:26 2012 (-0500)
@item
@strong{By} -- Matthew L. Fidler
@item
@strong{Update #} -- 794
@item
@strong{URL} -- https:__github.com_mlf176f2_org-readme
@item
@strong{Keywords} -- Header2@comma{} Readme.org@comma{} Emacswiki@comma{} Git
@item
@strong{Compatibility} -- Tested with Emacs 24.1 on Windows.
@end itemize

@menu
* Possible Dependencies::
* Using org-readme::
* History::
@end menu

@node Possible Dependencies
@section Possible Dependencies
None

@node Using org-readme
@section Using org-readme
Org readme is used to:

@itemize
@item
Create/Update a "History" section in the Readme.org based on the changelog section of the Emacs Log.
@item
Create/Update a "Library Information" Section Based on the Emacs lisp header.
@item
Create/Update a "Possible Dependencies" Section Based on the Emacs lisp header.
@item
Create/Update a "Functions" Section based on the functions defined in the single lisp library.
@item
Create/Update a "Variables" Section based on the variables defined in the single lisp library.
@end itemize

All other sections of the Readme.org are then put into the "Commentary" section of the readme.org.

In addition this library defines @code{org-readme-sync}@comma{} a convenience function that:

@itemize
@item
Asks for a commentary about the library change.
@item
To exit/save press @code{C-c C-c}
@item
Asks if this is a minor revision
@item
If it is a minor revision@comma{} bumps the revision up so the new library will be posted to marmalade-repo.org
@item
Syncs the Readme.org with the lisp file as described above.
@item
Updates emacswiki with the library description and the library itself (requires yaoddmuse).
@item
Updates Marmalade-repo if the library version is different than the version in the server (requires http-post-simple).
@item
Updates the git repository with the differences that you posted.
@item
If you are using github@comma{} this library creates a melpa recipie.
@item
If you are using github@comma{} this library creates a el-get recipie.
@end itemize

When @code{org-readme-sync} is called in a @code{Readme.org} file that is not a single lisp file@comma{} the function exports the readme in EmacsWiki format and posts it to the EmacsWiki. ### EmacsWiki Page Names EmacsWiki Page names are generated from the file. @code{org-readme.el} would generate a page of OrgReadme.
@menu
* Why each required library is needed::
@end menu

@node Why each required library is needed
@subsection Why each required library is needed
There are a few required libraries. This is a list of the require libraries and why they are needed.

@multitable @columnfractions 0.26 0.54 
@item 
Library
 @tab Why it is needed
@item 
yaoddmuse http-post-simple header2 lib-requires
 @tab Publish to emacswiki Publish to marmalade-repo.org To create header and changelog To generate the library dependencies
@end multitable

@node History
@section History
@itemize
@item
@strong{07-Dec-2012} -- Test directory entry (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{07-Dec-2012} -- Added directory entry to texinfo file. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{18-Sep-2012} -- Bug fix to allow changes that read (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{12-Sep-2012} -- Handle errors with the package gracefully. to include the author name who updated the file. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{12-Sep-2012} -- Handle errors with the package gracefully. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{12-Sep-2012} -- Bug fix to eliminate duplicate headers in Readme.org and emacswiki (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{12-Sep-2012} -- Bug fix when org todo faces are not set. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{12-Sep-2012} -- Added bug fix when @code{org-todo-keyword-faces} is undefined. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{22-Aug-2012} -- Attempting to upload again (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{22-Aug-2012} -- Now will remove variable name and functions from markdown and outputted texinfo. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{21-Aug-2012} -- Bug fix. When variables/functions are documented with an initial asterisk@comma{} change that asterisk to a bulleted item. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{21-Aug-2012} -- Another documentation update where I document how to change the comment and that org-readme may change the minor revision of the library. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{21-Aug-2012} -- Updated the documentation for org-readme. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{20-Aug-2012} -- Bug fix for variables that don't really transport well to the documentation. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{20-Aug-2012} -- Bump minor version for marmalade-repo.org (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{20-Aug-2012} -- Attempt to fix the History list (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{20-Aug-2012} -- Added ability to customize which sections are added to the Readme.org (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{20-Aug-2012} -- Bug fix for creating function readme (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{20-Aug-2012} -- Will now remove the Functions and Variables sections before putting them in the commentary section. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{20-Aug-2012} -- Attempt to remove Readme.md when not needed. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{20-Aug-2012} -- Added ability to add function documentation and variable documentation to the Readme.org file (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{20-Aug-2012} -- Added pandoc markdown table support (optional) (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{13-Aug-2012} -- Another attempt to make texinfo documents. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{13-Aug-2012} -- Added texinfo output. Allows native emacs documentation. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{13-Aug-2012} -- Tried to post behind firewall. Reattempting. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{13-Aug-2012} -- Changed the @code{org-readme-remove-section} to use @code{org-cut-subtree}. Hopefully all errors will resolve themselves now. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{11-Aug-2012} -- Reverted. Still buggy. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{11-Aug-2012} -- Another attempt at bug fix to remove section. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{11-Aug-2012} -- Another attempt at a remove-section fix. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{11-Aug-2012} -- Bug fix for org-readme version tagging. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{11-Aug-2012} -- Test the bug where some of the section text is deleted (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{11-Aug-2012} -- Added more documentation (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{11-Aug-2012} -- One last bug fix to the markdown export engine. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{11-Aug-2012} -- Markdown bug fix (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{11-Aug-2012} -- Bug fix for el-get recipe. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{11-Aug-2012} -- Added the ability to create a markdown Readme (Readme.md) as well as adding a el-get recipe. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{11-Aug-2012} -- Bug fix for emacswiki post and melpa bug fix (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{11-Aug-2012} -- Bug fix for adding melpa recipes. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{11-Aug-2012} -- Bug fix for creating melpa recipe. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{11-Aug-2012} -- Added ability to add melpa recipe (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{11-Aug-2012} -- Bug fix for pushing tags to a git repository (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{11-Aug-2012} -- Another fix for git tags. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{11-Aug-2012} -- Found a bug@comma{} let see if tagging works now. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{11-Aug-2012} -- Added Git tagging of new versions. Lets see if it works. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{11-Aug-2012} -- Git push worked. Bumping minor version. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{11-Aug-2012} -- Attempted to push repository again. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{11-Aug-2012} -- Attempt to push with git. Something changed. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{11-Aug-2012} -- Added better Package-Requires tag. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{11-Aug-2012} -- Made request for minor revision earlier@comma{} and fixed bug. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{11-Aug-2012} -- Fixed code typo (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{11-Aug-2012} -- Bug fix for deleting a section of a Readme.org file. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{11-Aug-2012} -- Testing bug. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{11-Aug-2012} -- Minor bug fix. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{11-Aug-2012} -- Bug fix for comment sync@comma{} now Readme.org @code{file} is translated to lisp @code{file}. Additionally@comma{} asks for version bump. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{11-Aug-2012} -- Bug fix for syncing readme. Now the returns should not be as prevalent. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{11-Aug-2012} -- Attempting to post to marmlade again... (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{11-Aug-2012} -- Attempting to fix org-readme-marmalade-post. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{11-Aug-2012} -- Bug fix to upload to emacswiki and upload to marmalade-repo (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{11-Aug-2012} -- Added marmalade-repo support. Now org-readme should upload to marmalade-repo when the version is different from the latest version. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{08-Aug-2012} -- Fixed preformatting tags in emacswiki post. Previously they may have been replaced with
<_pre> instead of
<_pre>. This makes the emacswiki page display correctly. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{07-Aug-2012} -- To use@comma{} put (require 'ess-smart-underscore) in your ~/.emacs file 7-Aug-2012 Matthew L. Fidler Last-Updated: Tue Aug 7 19:14:34 2012 (-0500) #331 (Matthew L. Fidler) Added a Comment to EmcsWiki pages that states that the content of the page will likely be overwitten since it is automatically generated by @code{org-readme} 7-Aug-2012 Matthew L. Fidler Last-Updated: Mon Aug 6 23:42:02 2012 (-0500) #328 (Matthew L. Fidler) Added more documentation. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{06-Aug-2012} -- Added support for uploading Readme.org files to emacswiki without having to have a single associated lisp file. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{06-Aug-2012} -- Bug fix for syncing from the single lisp file. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{06-Aug-2012} -- Added the ability to call @code{org-readme-sync} from Readme.org (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{05-Aug-2012} -- Added git pushing to org-readme (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{05-Aug-2012} -- Added git support as well as a comment mode. The only thing that should need to be called is @code{org-readme-sync} (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{04-Aug-2012} -- Added syncing with emacswiki. (Matthew L. Fidler)
@item
@strong{04-Aug-2012} -- Initial Release (Matthew L. Fidler)
@end itemize

@bye
